---
layout: homepage
---

The central research theme of this lab is the virtualization and augmentation of our urban spaces at large-scale from the remotely sensed imagery and point clouds. We at AUSM believe that detailed, accurate, and engineering-oriented modeling of augmented urban spaces will contribute to enhance our spatial awareness, decision-making and thus improve urban sustainability.

Dr. Gunho Sohn is an Associate Professor at the Department of Earth and Space Science and Engineering, and a former undergraduate program director in Geomatics Engineering program at York University. His research interests are in the area of photogrammetry, computer vision and machine learning. Current researches are focused on graphical modeling, object recognition, vision-based navigation and 3D reconstruction for large-scale urban space and infrastructure modeling. As a recipient of York’s research leaders award in 2016, Dr. Sohn is co-leading several research programs including the NSERC CREATE Data Analytics and Visualization (DAV), ORF Research Excellent Programs in BRAIN (Big Data Research, Analytics, and Information Networks) Alliance and ISSUM (Intelligent Systems for Sustainable Urban Mobility), and ORF Infrastructure in ADERSIM (Advanced Disaster Emergency Response and Simulation). He is also co-leading ISPRS’s international benchmark on 3D scene analysis and modeling. Dr. Sohn is a co-founder of Industrial SkyWorks, which became the first night-time drone operating service provider in US for building envelope inspection in 2016.

Our research fellows have diverse research backgrounds, and are involved in a wide range exciting topics related to urban space modelling. To find out more about our team, visit our members page. Additionally, we welcome all students with a passion for geomatics engineering, computer vision, environmental studies and applied mathematics! If you are interested, please visit our recruitment page for current opportunities.
